update text for tags mentioning that partners can edit restricted AND unrestricted tags. (#328)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshcloud.metadata-tags.md

## Tags restricted to Administrators

Administrators can configure tags so that only [Partner users](./administration.index.md) can edit them. These tags are called **restricted tags**. End-users cannot edit restricted tags in meshPanel, but they can view them at anytime. Partner users can view and edit restricted and unrestricted tags. 

> **Note**: In a previous version of meshStack partners were not able to edit unrestricted tags.

Reviewer: I'd propose we wait until your ticket is deployed to dev, and then mention the explicit version number. This will also help us in the future to identify when we can just totally get rid of this message.

Author: I agree. I will take care of that.

> **Note**: In all meshStack versions prior to v7.52.0 partners were not able to edit unrestricted tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: In all meshStack versions prior to v7.52.0, partners are not able to edit unrestricted tags. Please update to a newer version if this is a problem.
```
